Technical Interview 1
Can you tell me about yourself?
Name,City,looking for job
Can you tell me your project and experience?
Cucumber, testng, junit, can learn new tools
Can you tell me what is cucumber and have you use it?
Reusable methods, steps, faster, easy to understand,…
Testng has benefits but cucumber is better
What is feature file and how did you use?
Create ff first to define step defs, dry run to get the underlined step definitions.
Sceario, excel, … can be used to test with different data
How do you use excel in your automation framework?
Excel utils is used to get data from excel file. Excel file has set of data.
What is difference between data tables and scenario outline?
SO is more popular, and should eb used with Exemples to pass data. DT no need to SO and Exemples. We can pass data in the middle steps. I prefer SO.
Have you ever done parallel testing?
Easier with TestNG but with cucumber possible. Possible with maven and plugins. Maven plugin??? Surefile, failsafe.cucumber-reporting-(not required but needed for reports)
How do you get reports ?
Spark reports to get pdf and html reports
How many test cases in your automation scrips?
Regression, smoke, several tests 5 classes … each has 10-100 test cases each class
How do you maintain regression test cases?
User story about login what are the sites you do?
Manual testing with credentials
Automation:
Page objects in page class, URL, ..> Define feature file > generate step definitions > write java code> run
Sample FF: given ,… when,… then….
Any questions for us
No thank you,….


------------------------------------------------------------

Recruiter Call:
Are you available? Are you currently in the market?
Are you authorized to work ?
Where are you located?
Are you open to relocate?
Are you open for hybrid work?
Do you know JAVA?
What kind of tools?
Have you created a framework from scratch?
Where are you working currently?
Have you ever worked with offshore team members?
What is your rate?
$60 per/hour are you comfortable?
Full time $80K + benefits